date 07/21/17

1.  Introduction:
This is an internal release of OpenCL DCP for testing for the July 31st release.  This is not the final release.  Please DO NOT REDISTRIBUTE to anyone without permission from DCP management(David Munday)!  This package is designed to be an add-on to the June 30th, 2017 DCP pre-alpha release.  You must have that installed to use this package.

2.  DCP OpenCL overview
	DCP bsp does not support SVM(Shared virtual memory)
		this is an MCP feature
	2 memory banks 4GB each, ddr4 266MHz
	combined total 8GB 34GByte/s bandwidth read or write
	DCP OpenCL uses standard opencl API calls
		Standard OpenCL FPGA application do not need any changes
	DCP OpenCL is very similiar to regular OpenCL PCIe FPGA card
	uses OPAE library and driver
	No need to use OPAE/DCP rtl tools.  All DCP specific functionality is built into BSP and runs automatically for you during opencl compilation
	DCP OpenCL can be used with virtualization

3.  DCP pre alpha limitations:
	timing may fail in some cases
		static timing closure for BSP is not locked down for DCP pre-alpha BSP
		DCP blue bits timing is not final
	must do "aocl program acl0 kernel.aocx" first
		OpenCL runtime must be able to find BSP in FPGA or it will not run
		"aocl program" has a special flow to force load aocx binary when there is a non-OpenCL green bit stream loaded
		opencl programming/operation will work normally after this
	multi-DCP board configurations are not supported by DCP OpenCL runtime/MMD
	DMA performce is not optimal right now
	host channels are not supported
	Windows OS is not supported for runtime or aocx compilation
	OpenCL can be used with virtualization but if using a VF(virtual function) reprogramming is not supported
	To Use OpenCL with a VF:
		set "export CL_CONTEXT_COMPILER_MODE_ALTERA=3" to disable reconfiguration
		make sure you program the FPGA before enabling VF 
	To use OpenCL with a PF:
		no limitations

4.  updates
	7-21-17
		removed some unneccessary adapters in bsp
		updated resource counts in board xml
		added better errors messages in bsp for troubleshooting
		added permissions script in bsp to help setup driver
		added copyright headers to all source code and scripts
		moved quick start instructions from release_notes.txt to readme.txt in BSP
		fixed dma issue with large DMA transactions
		fixed seg fault bug with mmio writes not divisible by 4

	7-14-17
		board.xml resources counts are updated
		fixed bandwidth/timing issue with DMA
		fixed packager issue with cent7
		virtualization with VF has been tested

